RHIDP-9010: AEM-related changes (#1426)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configuring-the-global-header/proc-customize-rhdh-global-header.adoc

                config:
                  priority: 10
----
where:

>   *search*:: Hides the *Search* modal in the sidebar menu. Change it to `true` to display the *Search* modal in the sidebar.
>   *settings*:: Hides the *Settings* button in the sidebar menu. Change it to `true` to display the *Settings* button in the sidebar.
>   `default.main-menu-items`:: Hides the *Self-service* button from the sidebar menu. Remove this field to display the *Self-service* button in the sidebar.
>   *position*:: Defines the position of the header. Options: `above-main-content` or `above-sidebar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`search`::
Enter `false` to hide the *Search* modal in the sidebar menu.
Enter `true` to display the *Search* modal in the sidebar.
`settings`::
Enter `false` to hides the *Settings* button in the sidebar menu. 
Enter `true` to display the *Settings* button in the sidebar.
`default.main-menu-items`::
Enter this field to hide the *Self-service* button from the sidebar menu.
Remove this field to display the *Self-service* button in the sidebar.
`position`::
Enter `above-main-content` to position the header above the main content?
Enter `above-sidebar` to position the header above the side bar.
```
